#Describe the world you come from — for example, your family, community or school — and tell us how your world has shaped your dreams and aspirations.


Once during a physics lesson, I thought to myself, "I wonder if you can hit a baseball on the moon and have it land on earth." Curiosities like these are what have inspired me throughout most of my life in my passion, trying to find out how the universe works. I have always searched for an answer to my questions, an answer to my intrigue with the world, only to be presented with more complex questions. As I've spent my life questioning the tickings of the universe, I've come to realise that my inner love for mathematics had a much more front-end reason, it's the language that humans have created in an attempt to define the Universe.

My love for the sciences most likely stems from my parents, both being postgraduate engineers, and my father also being a curious mind, influenced me towards the sciences, especially astrophysics, quantum physics, and mathematics. I was also taught to appreciate the arts, but ever since I can remember I have only been able to approach the sciences analytically. This coupled with everlasting encouragement to ask questions from my parents and teachers, has resulted in lots of frustration as each answer to a question would result in a new question. Since a young age, my parents have bought me books to fulfill my curiosities and researched my questions which they did not know the answers to with certainty, all to ensure that no queries I had were left unanswered. 

During my studies in school I have been fascinated by anything even slightly scientific, ranging from early physics lessons on forces to complex trigonometric and hyperbolic functions in the Further Maths A Level. These mathematics modules brought to my attention how much I enjoy problem-solving. From proving trigonometric identities to proofs by induction, I appreciated every step of the way. Mild confusion. Sudden realisation. Grand satisfaction. This fulfilled my desires to solve theoretical problems, but I was still left with creative curiosity, which I explored through the physics A Level; this brought real life examples of problem-solving to my attention. It made me comprehend and visualise mathematical problems, which complimented the maths A Level pleasantly.
	